# Analyzing a Packet with Wireshark

## Scenario 

In this scenario, you’re a security analyst investigating traffic to a website.

You’ll analyze a network packet capture file that contains traffic data related to a user connecting to an internet site. The ability to filter network traffic using packet sniffers to gather relevant information is an essential skill as a security analyst.

You must filter the data in order to:
1. Identify the source and destination IP addresses involved in this web browsing session.
2. Examine the protocols that are used when the user makes the connection to the website.
3. Analyze some of the data packets to identify the type of information sent and received by the systems that connect to each other when the network data is captured.

## Task 1: Exploring data with Wireshark
In this task, you must open a network packet capture file that contains data captured from a system that made web requests to a site. You need to open this data with Wireshark to get an overview of how the data is presented in the application.

### An overview of the key property columns listed for each packet:
* `No` : The index number of the packet in this packet capture file.
* `Time`: The timestamp of the packet.
* `Source`: The source IP address.
* `Destination`: The destination IP address.
* `Protocol`: The protocol contained in the packet.
* `Length`: The total length of the packet.
* `Info`: Some infomation about the data in the packet (the payload) as interpreted by Wireshark.

## Task 2: Applying a basic Wireshark filter and inspect a packet
In this task, you’ll open a packet in Wireshark for more detailed exploration and filter the data to inspect the network layers and protocols contained in the packet.

## Task 3: Using filters to select packets
In this task, you’ll use filters to analyze specific network packets based on where the packets came from or where they were sent to. You’ll explore how to select packets using either their physical Ethernet Media Access Control (MAC) address or their Internet Protocol (IP) address.

## Task 4: Using filters to explore DNS packets
In this task, you’ll use filters to select and examine DNS traffic. Once you‘ve selected sample DNS traffic, you’ll drill down into the protocol to examine how the DNS packet data contains both queries (names of internet sites that are being looked up) and answers (IP addresses that are being sent back by a DNS server when a name is successfully resolved).

## Task 5: Using filters to explore TCP packets
In this task, you’ll use additional filters to select and examine TCP packets. You’ll learn how to search for text that is present in payload data contained inside network packets. This will locate packets based on something such as a name or some other text that is of interest to you.
