# Using SQL Joins to Obtain Precise Data   

> Please visit this [link](https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-and-sql?specialization=google-cybersecurity) for further information.

## Scenario 

You are a security professional at a large organization. You’ll investigate a recent security incident that compromised some machines.

You are responsible for getting the required information from the database for the investigation.

Here’s how you’ll do this task: First, you’ll use an inner join to identify which employees are using which machines. Second, you’ll use left and right joins to find machines that do not belong to any specific user and users who do not have any specific machine assigned to them. Finally, you’ll use an inner join to list all login attempts made by all employees.

## Match Employees to their Machines

First, you must identify which employees are using which machines. The data is located in the **machines** and **employees** tables.

You must use a SQL inner join to return the records you need based on a connecting column. In the scenario, both tables include the **device_id column**, which you’ll use to perform the join.

Complete the query to perform an inner join between the **machines** and **employees** tables on the **device_id column**. 

**Note:** Placing the **employees** table after **INNER JOIN makes** it the right table.

To complete a join you need to link the joined tables on a common column. In the case of the **employees** and **machines** tables, the **device_id** column is common.

## Return More Data

You now must return the information on all machines and the employees who have machines. Next, you must do the reverse and retrieve the information of all employees and any machines that are assigned to them.

To achieve this, you’ll complete a left join and a right join on the **employees** and **machines** tables. The results will include all records from one or the other table. You must link these tables using the common **device_id column**.

**Note:** In a left join, all records from the table referenced after **FROM** and before **LEFT JOIN** are included in the result. In this case, all records from the **machines** table are included, regardless of whether they are assigned to an employee or not.

**Note:** In a right join, all records from the table referenced after **RIGHT JOIN** are included in the result. In this case, all records from the **employees** table are included, regardless of whether they have a machine or not.

## Retrieve Login Attempt Data

To continue investigating the security incident, you must retrieve the information on all employees who have made login attempts. To achieve this, you’ll perform an inner join on the employees and log_in_attempts tables, linking them on the common username column.

**Note:** You must specify the table name with the column name (table.column) when joining the tables.
